[Music]
eight scientific tips on how to become
perfectly happy
there are thousands of tips and
psychological techniques to help you
feel happy and learn to rejoice each day
but what if our own body had a say in
the matter
here are some findings from neuro
scientists the people who know exactly
when and why your brain can give you the
feeling of total satisfaction the first
tip is our favorite it's helpful and
very easy to do
[Music]
number eight engage in pleasant
expectations the process of waiting for
something nice such as food or sex is
similar to the learned salivation
response our brain experiences pleasure
by simply anticipating the fun event
that's why we're so fond of counting the
hours and minutes to some particular
moment be it a birthday or a wedding a
meeting with a friend or just an end to
a long working day number seven solve
problems one at a time our brain never
stops searching for solutions to every
problem that worries us this takes a lot
of energy
so whenever the brain gets tired and the
problem remains unsolved we feel anxiety
and irritation on the other hand for
every right decision our brain rewards
itself with a dose of neurotransmitters
that calm the limbic system and help us
once again see the world in a better
light therefore you need to try to deal
with one problem at a time
number six don't keep things pent up
talk about what bothers you
the processes of wordlessly going
through something unpleasant and talking
about your predicament involved making
use of different parts of the brain in
the latter case negative emotions have a
lesser impact on your well-being
it is therefore advisable not to keep
your problems pent up whenever you talk
about them your brain triggers the
production of serotonin and even manages
to find some positive sides to the
situation number five touch and embrace
to us humans social interaction is
important various forms of physical
support especially touch and embraces
can speed up a person's recovery from an
illness
if you remove physical interaction from
your life the brain perceives its
absence the way perceives physical pain
the same brain zones become activated in
both instances this in turn triggers the
processes that affect your mood and
contribute to the development of
depression
number four learn learn and once again
learn for the brain acquiring new
knowledge means permanent adaptation to
a changing environment using this
process our brain develops rewarding its
own attempts to absorb and process new
information with dopamine the hormone of
joy if you want to be happy don't be
afraid to try something new to change
your surroundings to learn new things
[Music]
number three play sports
physical activity is stress for the body
as soon as the stress ends your body
gets a reward a dose of endorphins
released by the pituitary gland the
effect is similar to that of opiates for
example morphine which reduces pain and
elevates the mood you don't need to run
marathons to achieve this result even a
regular walk can do wonders
[Music]
incidentally many writers and composers
consider taking walks an indispensable
part of the creative process number two
always try to get a good sleep start
using a sleep mask as long as your brain
thinks it's night time it keeps on
sleeping while we sleep in the dark our
body secretes the hormone melatonin this
hormone slows down all processes in the
body helping it to recover and
increasing the level of serotonin in the
hypothalamus if the brain detects a
change in lighting it triggers the
release of the stress hormone to awaken
the body quickly therefore it is
important to sleep six to eight hours a
day and only in darkened environments
[Music]
number one learn to say thank you when
we say thank you to a person or even
fate for something we focus ourselves on
the positive aspects of life pleasant
memories trigger serotonin production in
the anterior cingulate cortex this
technique is often used for treating
depression don't forget to hit the like
button below the video and share it with
those friends who are having a hard time
they might find this video very helpful
to stay on the bright side of life click
Subscribe
[Music]